OBJECTS.root = \
  CSelectedOutput.o \
  IPhreeqcLib.o \
  IPhreeqc.o \
  R.o \
  Var.o

OBJECTS.phreeqcpp = \
  phreeqcpp/advection.o \
  phreeqcpp/basicsubs.o \
  phreeqcpp/ChartHandler.o \
  phreeqcpp/ChartObject.o \
  phreeqcpp/cl1.o \
  phreeqcpp/CurveObject.o \
  phreeqcpp/cvdense.o \
  phreeqcpp/cvode.o \
  phreeqcpp/cxxKinetics.o \
  phreeqcpp/cxxMix.o \
  phreeqcpp/dense.o \
  phreeqcpp/Dictionary.o \
  phreeqcpp/dumper.o \
  phreeqcpp/Exchange.o \
  phreeqcpp/ExchComp.o \
  phreeqcpp/GasComp.o \
  phreeqcpp/gases.o \
  phreeqcpp/GasPhase.o \
  phreeqcpp/input.o \
  phreeqcpp/integrate.o \
  phreeqcpp/inverse.o \
  phreeqcpp/ISolutionComp.o \
  phreeqcpp/ISolution.o \
  phreeqcpp/isotopes.o \
  phreeqcpp/Keywords.o \
  phreeqcpp/KineticsComp.o \
  phreeqcpp/kinetics.o \
  phreeqcpp/mainsubs.o \
  phreeqcpp/model.o \
  phreeqcpp/NameDouble.o \
  phreeqcpp/NumKeyword.o \
  phreeqcpp/nvector.o \
  phreeqcpp/nvector_serial.o \
  phreeqcpp/parse.o \
  phreeqcpp/Parser.o \
  phreeqcpp/PBasic.o \
  phreeqcpp/phqalloc.o \
  phreeqcpp/Phreeqc.o \
  phreeqcpp/PHRQ_base.o \
  phreeqcpp/PHRQ_io.o \
  phreeqcpp/PHRQ_io_output.o \
  phreeqcpp/pitzer.o \
  phreeqcpp/pitzer_structures.o \
  phreeqcpp/PPassemblageComp.o \
  phreeqcpp/PPassemblage.o \
  phreeqcpp/prep.o \
  phreeqcpp/Pressure.o \
  phreeqcpp/print.o \
  phreeqcpp/Reaction.o \
  phreeqcpp/ReadClass.o \
  phreeqcpp/read.o \
  phreeqcpp/readtr.o \
  phreeqcpp/runner.o \
  phreeqcpp/SelectedOutput.o \
  phreeqcpp/Serializer.o \
  phreeqcpp/sit.o \
  phreeqcpp/smalldense.o \
  phreeqcpp/SolutionIsotope.o \
  phreeqcpp/Solution.o \
  phreeqcpp/spread.o \
  phreeqcpp/SSassemblage.o \
  phreeqcpp/SScomp.o \
  phreeqcpp/SS.o \
  phreeqcpp/step.o \
  phreeqcpp/StorageBinList.o \
  phreeqcpp/StorageBin.o \
  phreeqcpp/structures.o \
  phreeqcpp/sundialsmath.o \
  phreeqcpp/SurfaceCharge.o \
  phreeqcpp/SurfaceComp.o \
  phreeqcpp/Surface.o \
  phreeqcpp/System.o \
  phreeqcpp/tally.o \
  phreeqcpp/Temperature.o \
  phreeqcpp/tidy.o \
  phreeqcpp/transport.o \
  phreeqcpp/Use.o \
  phreeqcpp/UserPunch.o \
  phreeqcpp/utilities.o \
  phreeqcpp/Utils.o

OBJECTS = $(OBJECTS.root) $(OBJECTS.phreeqcpp)

PKG_CPPFLAGS =-I. -Iphreeqcpp -DNDEBUG -DR_SO -DSWIG_SHARED_OBJ -DNO_UTF8_ENCODING

all: $(SHLIB)

phreeqcpp/advection.o: phreeqcpp/advection.cpp
phreeqcpp/basicsubs.o: phreeqcpp/basicsubs.cpp
phreeqcpp/ChartHandler.o: phreeqcpp/ChartHandler.cpp
phreeqcpp/ChartObject.o: phreeqcpp/ChartObject.cpp
phreeqcpp/cl1.o: phreeqcpp/cl1.cpp
phreeqcpp/CurveObject.o: phreeqcpp/CurveObject.cpp
phreeqcpp/cvdense.o: phreeqcpp/cvdense.cpp
phreeqcpp/cvode.o: phreeqcpp/cvode.cpp
phreeqcpp/cxxKinetics.o: phreeqcpp/cxxKinetics.cpp
phreeqcpp/cxxMix.o: phreeqcpp/cxxMix.cpp
phreeqcpp/dense.o: phreeqcpp/dense.cpp
phreeqcpp/Dictionary.o: phreeqcpp/Dictionary.cpp
phreeqcpp/dumper.o: phreeqcpp/dumper.cpp
phreeqcpp/Exchange.o: phreeqcpp/Exchange.cpp
phreeqcpp/ExchComp.o: phreeqcpp/ExchComp.cpp
phreeqcpp/GasComp.o: phreeqcpp/GasComp.cpp
phreeqcpp/gases.o: phreeqcpp/gases.cpp
phreeqcpp/GasPhase.o: phreeqcpp/GasPhase.cpp
phreeqcpp/input.o: phreeqcpp/input.cpp
phreeqcpp/integrate.o: phreeqcpp/integrate.cpp
phreeqcpp/inverse.o: phreeqcpp/inverse.cpp
phreeqcpp/ISolutionComp.o: phreeqcpp/ISolutionComp.cpp
phreeqcpp/ISolution.o: phreeqcpp/ISolution.cpp
phreeqcpp/isotopes.o: phreeqcpp/isotopes.cpp
phreeqcpp/Keywords.o: phreeqcpp/Keywords.cpp
phreeqcpp/KineticsComp.o: phreeqcpp/KineticsComp.cpp
phreeqcpp/kinetics.o: phreeqcpp/kinetics.cpp
phreeqcpp/mainsubs.o: phreeqcpp/mainsubs.cpp
phreeqcpp/model.o: phreeqcpp/model.cpp
phreeqcpp/NameDouble.o: phreeqcpp/NameDouble.cpp
phreeqcpp/NumKeyword.o: phreeqcpp/NumKeyword.cpp
phreeqcpp/nvector.o: phreeqcpp/nvector.cpp
phreeqcpp/nvector_serial.o: phreeqcpp/nvector_serial.cpp
phreeqcpp/parse.o: phreeqcpp/parse.cpp
phreeqcpp/Parser.o: phreeqcpp/Parser.cpp
phreeqcpp/PBasic.o: phreeqcpp/PBasic.cpp
phreeqcpp/phqalloc.o: phreeqcpp/phqalloc.cpp
phreeqcpp/Phreeqc.o: phreeqcpp/Phreeqc.cpp
phreeqcpp/PHRQ_base.o: phreeqcpp/PHRQ_base.cpp
phreeqcpp/PHRQ_io.o: phreeqcpp/PHRQ_io.cpp
phreeqcpp/PHRQ_io_output.o: phreeqcpp/PHRQ_io_output.cpp
phreeqcpp/pitzer.o: phreeqcpp/pitzer.cpp
phreeqcpp/pitzer_structures.o: phreeqcpp/pitzer_structures.cpp
phreeqcpp/PPassemblageComp.o: phreeqcpp/PPassemblageComp.cpp
phreeqcpp/PPassemblage.o: phreeqcpp/PPassemblage.cpp
phreeqcpp/prep.o: phreeqcpp/prep.cpp
phreeqcpp/Pressure.o: phreeqcpp/Pressure.cpp
phreeqcpp/print.o: phreeqcpp/print.cpp
phreeqcpp/Reaction.o: phreeqcpp/Reaction.cpp
phreeqcpp/ReadClass.o: phreeqcpp/ReadClass.cpp
phreeqcpp/read.o: phreeqcpp/read.cpp
phreeqcpp/readtr.o: phreeqcpp/readtr.cpp
phreeqcpp/runner.o: phreeqcpp/runner.cpp
phreeqcpp/SelectedOutput.o: phreeqcpp/SelectedOutput.cpp
phreeqcpp/Serializer.o: phreeqcpp/Serializer.cpp
phreeqcpp/sit.o: phreeqcpp/sit.cpp
phreeqcpp/smalldense.o: phreeqcpp/smalldense.cpp
phreeqcpp/SolutionIsotope.o: phreeqcpp/SolutionIsotope.cpp
phreeqcpp/Solution.o: phreeqcpp/Solution.cpp
phreeqcpp/spread.o: phreeqcpp/spread.cpp
phreeqcpp/SSassemblage.o: phreeqcpp/SSassemblage.cpp
phreeqcpp/SScomp.o: phreeqcpp/SScomp.cpp
phreeqcpp/SS.o: phreeqcpp/SS.cpp
phreeqcpp/step.o: phreeqcpp/step.cpp
phreeqcpp/StorageBinList.o: phreeqcpp/StorageBinList.cpp
phreeqcpp/StorageBin.o: phreeqcpp/StorageBin.cpp
phreeqcpp/structures.o: phreeqcpp/structures.cpp
phreeqcpp/sundialsmath.o: phreeqcpp/sundialsmath.cpp
phreeqcpp/SurfaceCharge.o: phreeqcpp/SurfaceCharge.cpp
phreeqcpp/SurfaceComp.o: phreeqcpp/SurfaceComp.cpp
phreeqcpp/Surface.o: phreeqcpp/Surface.cpp
phreeqcpp/System.o: phreeqcpp/System.cpp
phreeqcpp/tally.o: phreeqcpp/tally.cpp
phreeqcpp/Temperature.o: phreeqcpp/Temperature.cpp
phreeqcpp/tidy.o: phreeqcpp/tidy.cpp
phreeqcpp/transport.o: phreeqcpp/transport.cpp
phreeqcpp/Use.o: phreeqcpp/Use.cpp
phreeqcpp/UserPunch.o: phreeqcpp/UserPunch.cpp
phreeqcpp/utilities.o: phreeqcpp/utilities.cpp
phreeqcpp/Utils.o: phreeqcpp/Utils.cpp
